Add Schema Entity implementation (#1053)
spatialos/gdk-for-unity: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Breaking Changes

- Renamed `Improbable.Gdk.Core.EntityQuerySnapshot` to `Improbable.Gdk.Core.EntitySnapshot`. The `Improbable.Gdk.Core.Commands.WorldCommands.EntityQuery.ReceivedResponse` has been updated accordingly. [#1053](https://github.com/spatialos/gdk-for-unity/pull/1053)
- `DynamicSnapshot` and `DynamicConverter` have been collapsed into `Dynamic`. [#1053](https://github.com/spatialos/gdk-for-unity/pull/1053)
    - The delegates from all of these classes are now available in the `Dynamic.VTable<TData, TUpdate, TSnapshot>` struct.
    - `Dynamic.IHandler.Accept` now takes a `Dynamic.Vtable<TData, TUpdate, TSnapshot` parameter.

### Added

> - Added a `bool TryGetComponent<T>(out T component);` method to the `SpatialOSEntity` struct. This can help reduce boilerplate when writing custom `IEntityGameObjectCreator` implementations. [#1049](https://github.com/spatialos/gdk-for-unity/pull/1049).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a `bool TryGetComponent<T>(out T component);` method to the `SpatialOSEntity` struct. This can help reduce boilerplate when writing custom `IEntityGameObjectCreator` implementations. [#1049](https://github.com/spatialos/gdk-for-unity/pull/1049)
```

> - Added a `void AddComponentSnapshot<T>(T componentSnapshot)` and `bool TryAddComponent<T>(out T componentSnapshot)` methods to the `Improbable.Gdk.Core.EntitySnapshot` struct. [#1053](https://github.com/spatialos/gdk-for-unity/pull/1053)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Added the `void AddComponentSnapshot<T>(T componentSnapshot)`, `T? GetComponentSnapshot<T>()` and `bool TryGetComponentSnapshot<T>(out T componentSnapshot)` methods to the `Improbable.Gdk.Core.EntitySnapshot` struct. [#1053](https://github.com/spatialos/gdk-for-unity/pull/1053)
```

or split each method into a bullet pointed list

Author: `T? GetComponentSnapshot<T>()` was there before (it was called `EntityQuerySnapshot` before)

- Added a `EntitySnapshot GetEntitySnapshot()` method to the `Improbable.Gdk.Core.EntityTemplate` class. [#1053](https://github.com/spatialos/gdk-for-unity/pull/1053)

### Changed

- Upgraded to Worker SDK 13.8.2. [#1052](https://github.com/spatialos/gdk-for-unity/pull/1052)

>     - The new [`Entity` schema type](https://docs.improbable.io/reference/13.8/shared/schema/reference#primitive-types) is deserialized as an `Improbable.Gdk.Core.EntitySnapshot`. [#1053](https://github.com/spatialos/gdk-for-unity/pull/1053)

Author: Isn't it? The `Entity` type is new to the Worker SDK 13.8 so I indented it as its detail about the line above?

>     - The new [`Entity` schema type](https://docs.improbable.io/reference/13.8/shared/schema/reference#primitive-types) is deserialized as an `Improbable.Gdk.Core.EntitySnapshot`. [#1053](https://github.com/spatialos/gdk-for-unity/pull/1053)

Reviewer 3: ah nvm in that case.

### Internal

> - Added extension methods on the `SchemaObject` struct for easy serializing/deserializing of the `Entity` schema type.

Reviewer 2: might want to add a PR link to the end of this one just for uniformity
